Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
That's my little girl!
You're gonna be the star
of the church one day.
Do you think so?
If that's what you want.
I wanna be
just like you. Daddy.
Then you'll
have to work hard.
I will.
I'll do whatever it takes.
Good.
What do we always say?
- I will not accept a life...
-Take your time.
Preach it like you mean it
or it won't come true.
I will not accept a life
I do not deserve.
That's right. Maxine.
Very good.
Good morning.
So. Maxine.
Your agent tells us
you're quite a popular name
in adult film
and entertainment.
- Is that correct?
- Yes. ma'am.
I'm curious.
Did you always want to be
in that line of work?
I always wanted to be famous.
So if you don't
mind me asking.
why come here and do this?
Well. I've always had
a larger vision for myself.
Realistically.
porn can only take me so far.
I'm gonna be 33 years old
pretty soon
and in hardcore.
women age like bread.
not wine.
I'm not where
I want to be yet.
I want the good life.
I figure acting is acting.
I can do just as good of a job
as any of those other
blondes out there.
Is that your real accent?
Yes. ma'am.
Let's give it a try then.
shall we?
Maxine Minx. Puritan II . mark.
If you need to read off
the sides we gave you
- just go ahead. all right?
- I know the lines.
"Veronica walks in
to her perfect
"1950s suburban home.
"Something isn't right.
It never was.
"She turns to the camera.
and through her trauma
"addresses the lens directly."
It may sound hard to believe.
but it's true.
I've seen the devil
stalking me like a specter
from the past.
haunting my dreams.
my nightmares.
I can feel
his power inside of me
transforming into
something vengeful.
something evil.
forcing me to do terrible.
awful. murderous things.
Whatever horror happened here
300 years ago.
it's not over.
Satan has come back
to make me pay
for my greatest sin.
The sin of living.
Nicely done.
Thank you.
Do you mind
taking your top off
so we can see your breasts?
- Yeah. sure.
Y'all might as well go home
because I just fucking
nailed that.
♪ I got to have a shot ♪
♪ For what you got is
Oh. so sweet ♪
♪ You got to make it hot ♪
♪ Like a boomerang
I need a repeat ♪
- ♪ Gimme all your lovin'♪
♪ Gimme all your lovin'♪
♪ Don't let up
Until we're through ♪
♪ You got to whip it up ♪
♪ And hit me
Like a ton of lead ♪
Don't let anyone tell you
that America's best days
are behind her.
...the gunman surrendered
just a short...
Drug bust here
netted more than
$200 million worth of cocaine.
It sounds like
the scene
from an old-time horror movie
but with a modern twist.
At first.
Los Angeles Police thought
that the murder
of a young woman
was an isolated act
of violence. but since then
they've come to believe
it was connected
to a wide-ranging
series of assaults
by a killer who's become known
- as The Night Stalker.
- The Night Stalker.
- Night Stalker.
...is still being
sought by authorities.
The fact
of the matter is
Hollywood sells sin.
Certain kinds
of creative expressions
have the potential to
serve as a medium
for evil spirits
to work through.
Authorities in the film
and music scene
are frightened by this
and other recent court cases.
I bought the Purple Rain album
for our 11-year-old.
I didn't know that
"Darling Nikki" was on it
and I felt
that it was inappropriate.
My name is Dee Snider.
I have been asked to come here
to present my views
on. quote...
"The subject of the content
of certain sound recordings
"and suggestions that
recording packages be labeled
"to provide a warning
to prospective purchasers
"of sexually explicit
"or other potentially
offensive content."
♪ You got to move it up ♪
♪ And use it
Like a schoolboy would ♪
♪ You got to pack it up ♪
♪ Baby. work it like
A new boy should ♪
♪ Gimme all your lovin'♪
♪ All your hugs
And kisses too ♪
♪ Gimme all your lovin'♪
♪ Don't let up
Until we're through ♪
Oh! Oh. God. yeah!
Hey. Maxine!
Stay focused. Amber.
We're almost done.
You said that
three positions ago.
As soon as Frankie Love here
decides he can bust.
we'll be ready for you.
all right?
- I'm trying. man.
-Yes! Yeah!
Arcadia Police
responded to the gruesome scene
to discover yet another victim
of The Night Stalker.
the evil and seemingly random
nature of these slayings
have many Los Angeles
residents wondering
- just who could be next.
Jesus. Mary and Joseph.
It should not be that hard
to fuck me.
I was supposed to be
in Toluca Lake an hour ago.
And where does Shep
find these amateurs?
You wanna hit a party
in the hills tonight?
Gonna be loads of rich guys.
- Can't. I'm at Show World.
Buzzkill.
All you ever do is work.
Gotta make hay
while the sun shines.
I'm not country like you.
I'll find the best
plastic surgeon
on Rodeo Drive
to tighten my hay.
It won't be cheap.
It will be when the surgeon's
my husband.
Good luck out there.
♪ I'll satisfy your every need
And every fantasy ♪
- Yeah?
-I have
your amazing agent
Teddy Night. Esquire for you.
- Okay.
- One moment.
Maxi!
- Yeah?
How you doing. baby girl?
Uh. I'm running late.
Looking for my outfit
for tonight.
Do you want the good news
or the bad news?
The bad.
You didn't get
the Lizzy Borden music video.
They loved your look
but they said you weren't
a big enough name
outside of porn.
How am I supposed
to build a name for myself
if no one ever
gives me a chance?
I know. I know.
It's a catch-22.
It's prejudice is what it is.
I fucked on film
and now Hollywood wants me
to wear a Scarlet X
for the rest of my life.
You're preaching to the choir.
but you know
what I always say...
-"Everybody loves...
-"Everyone loves
- an underdog."
That's exactly right.
You want to hear
the good news?
Yeah. what is it?
♪ Well. I'm off my rocker ♪
♪ I fell out of my tree ♪
Name five celebrities
who got their start
in horror movies.
There's Jamie Lee Curtis.
John Travolta.
Demi Moore.
Brooke Shields. and...
Maxine-fucking-Minx.
I got it.
- No shit?
- Puritan II . I fucking got it.
Look. Puritan
is a future classic
as far as ultra-violent
satanic possession movies go.
Not exactly
Terms of Endearment.
but in 30 years. we'll see
which one has more fans.
Elizabeth Bender
is a very underrated director.
My agent thinks it's gonna
make me a crossover star.
Like Marilyn Chambers.
Mmm. no. She's not a star.
Brooke Shields is a star.
Mmm. Brooke Shields
didn't do porn.
So?
She still got naked
and now she's
in a fucking Muppet movie.
True.
This is gonna be my head soon.
Leon. Just you watch.
I'll organize the pizza
and champagne
for America's
new scream queen.
That's why I like you.
Oh.
You like me
because I'm the only guy
who isn't trying to fuck you.
Ass Sandwich ...
Hi.
♪ You are an obsession
You are an obsession ♪
♪ I cannot sleep ♪
♪ I am your possession
I am your possession ♪
♪ Unopened at your feet ♪
♪ There's no balance ♪
♪ No equality ♪
♪ Be still
I will not accept defeat ♪
♪ I will have you
Yes. I will have you ♪
♪ I will find a way
And I will have you ♪
♪ Like a butterfly
A wild butterfly ♪
♪ I will collect you
and capture you ♪
Hey. thanks for waiting.
I don't like walking out here
alone at night
with that fricking
Night Stalker guy
on the loose.
You see about it on the news?
They're saying
it's devil worship.
I don't know.
It's all way too close
for comfort. if you ask me.
Then again.
I guess nobody would've
ever heard of Elizabeth Short
if it wasn't for
the Black Dahlia. you know?
I know a killer
after-hours spot
in the hills.
if you're interested.
- No. I gotta get up early.
I hate going to parties
by myself.
Ooh. let me get a hot dog
real quick
so nobody sees me eat.
How come
you're waking up early?
I have a fitting for a film.
Oh. yeah?
Guy-girl or girl-girl?
A real movie.
No kidding?
I didn't know you could act.
Congrats.
I'm just dying
for some good news like that
- of my own. you know?
- It'll come.
- You just gotta work hard.
- Yeah.
I got a friend
who's in straight pictures.
It pays for shit
compared to fuck flicks.
Not if you're at the top.
What kind of movie is it?
Horror.
Honey.
You're not going to the top
in no horror movie.
You sure you don't
want to tag along?
The house is
absolutely fabulous.
It's right under
the Hollywood sign.
I hear you gotta
take a gondola to get there.
Real cosmopolitan shit.
Okay. Your loss.
Be careful walking home.
- I can handle myself.
- Mmm-hmm.
So said every dead girl
in Hollywood.
Authorities
still have no leads
to the identity
of the satanic serial killer
terrorizing Los Angeles.
Police are advising
all residents
to lock their windows
and doors.
travel in groups
and refrain from taking
any unnecessary trips
outside at nighttime.
Fuck.
- You can run.
And you can hide.
But you'll never get away.
- Drop it!
Buster.
What were you gonna do. huh?
Nothing. I...
I was just playing around.
Well. we're playing now.
Strip.
What?
Strip naked.
On your knees.
Suck.
- On the ground.
Face down. ass up.
Do you know what happened
to the last person
who tried to kill me?
I crushed her fucking head.
What's that?
Nothing.
You good?
Yeah. I'm fine.
All right.
I'm gonna head home.
Okay.
Before we go any further.
money talks
and bullshit walks.
Now you asked me
to find that girl.
which I did.
but whatever sick shit
you got planned next.
that's more
than we bargained for.
so if you still
need my help out here.
the price has gone up.
No!
No. no. no.
Please! Please! Please!
Oh. my God! Please!
Please. I didn't do anything.
I'll do anything
you want.
Please. just let me go!
Okay.
So I'm gonna be making
a lifecast of your head
for the end of the movie.
Ever had one done before?
Uh. no.
There's nothing to it.
All you have to do
is sit still for ten minutes.
That's a pretty bitchin' scar.
How'd you get it?
I got shot.
Dang. Who shot you?
It's a long story.
All right.
I'm gonna put this
over your head now
to make the mold.
Like I said. it'll take about
10 minutes to set.
I'm gonna run.
I'm gonna get more bandages.
- Sit tight.
Remember to breathe.
I'll be right back.
You'll end up just like me.
Hey. hey!
- Are you okay?
Breathe. Calm down.
- Breathe. Breathe. Breathe.
Breathe. Come on.
- Breathe.
Good morning. detectives.
Here you go.
Well. we got two bodies.
both female.
A couple of homos
cruising Judy Garland's grave
found them floating
in the duck pond.
It's pretty gnarly stuff.
We were thinking it could be
The Night Stalker again.
Thinking or hoping?
Jesus.
Fresh meat.
They haven't been here
very long.
I'd say five or six hours
at the most.
Pretty girls.
- I hate to see it.
Looks like they did that
with a fucking cattle prod.
Here.
He marked them both.
Miss Minx?
I was told to give you this.
It's your copy of the script
and a prep schedule.
And Liz. the director.
wants you back on the lot
today for a meeting.
Just a word of warning.
she can be pretty frightening.
I've seen her blow a gasket
more than once.
- Okay.
- Uh. I love your work.
by the way.
No more smut!
- No more smut!
Who is this?
Unless you want
to find yourself
rotting away back in some
Texas jailhouse.
you will meet me
on the 34th floor
of the Bonaventure Hotel
in one hour...
Miss Miller.
Hell of a view.
don't you think?
A long way
from the Howard Johnson's.
I can tell you that.
Nowhere to hide from up here.
Oh. say. ain't you
that dirty movie actress?
Why. you look
a whole lot taller in person.
I guess I've only ever
seen you lying on your back.
John Labat.
Charmed to make
your acquaintance.
- What do you want?
- Oh.
Easy. tiger.
Don't go shooting
the messenger now.
I'm just the dick.
Private detective
hired to find you.
By who?
Well. that right there.
that's privileged information.
My employer would prefer
to reveal it his self.
He's got a...
how do I say this?
A flair for the dramatic.
so to speak.
Is everything all right
over here?
Oh. yeah.
We're just fine. darling.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Say. you want
something to drink?
I'm on an expense account.
No?
I guess we'll just
take the bill
when you get a chance.
Wayne Gilroy.
Bobby-Lynne Parker.
R.J. Nichols.
Lorraine Day.
and Jackson Hollis.
Hearing those names
bring up any memories for you?
What about
Howard and Pearl Douglas?
You know they never did catch
who murdered them.
See. the past ain't finished
with you. Maxine.
It's gonna keep
knocking at your door
until you open up
and let it in.
Thank you.
I'm not saying
I had anything to do
with what happened
to those people.
But even if I did.
which I didn't.
there's no way anyone
can pin it on me.
Are you absolutely
certain of that?
Tell me.
Does it weigh on you?
As a Christian. I mean?
That you survived.
and then your friends didn't.
Now I'm an atheist myself.
but I reckon that that
kind of guilt...
that would just crush me
to pieces.
But I guess
it's not show friends.
It's show business.
now isn't it?
How much you want?
Oh. no.
This ain't about money.
Everything's about money.
For a couple of whores
like you and me. maybe so.
Not my employer. nope.
Mmm-mmm.
You can't buy your way
out of retribution.
There's a little soiree
tonight
at this address.
It has been requested
that you attend.
If I don't?
Well. how does
that old saying go?
"You'll never work
in this town again."
Honestly. I don't really care
what you do.
My check's gonna
clear either way.
but I wouldn't recommend it.
My employer is
a very powerful man.
Don't play chicken with him.
I would hate to see
that lost movie of yours
wind up
all over the nightly news.
Contrary to popular belief.
there is such a thing
as bad press.
Maxine Minx?
Yeah?
I'm Detective Williams.
This is Detective Torres.
LAPD.
Do you have time
for a quick chat?
Why?
Oh. we just want
to find out if you've seen
some people we're looking for.
Could we come inside?
We won't take
but five minutes.
I get it. You're in show biz.
You know what? I'm just gonna
cut to the chase.
Have you. uh...
Do you know these girls?
Amber James. Tabby Martin.
We understand they're
work colleagues of yours.
for lack of a better word.
We also know that
you're one of the last people
to have seen them.
Did something happen?
Any information you have
could be really helpful.
They are your friends.
aren't they?
I don't talk to police.
Hmm. You fucked that up.
not me.
- What do you mean?
- All that bullshit bravado.
No wonder you never
made it as an actor.
I thought
I was pretty convincing.
Oh. please.
Is there a way to find out
who made this tape?
- Why. what's on it?
- None of your business.
There's nothing that'll
tell you who recorded it
or where it was duped.
but the tape was made
by Quantegy.
Not a popular brand.
Usually. you see
Japanese companies
like Sony. Fuji
or TDK nowadays.
I can check some
old order forms
and call around
to see what region
it's still being sold in.
- Best I can think of.
- Thanks.
Yeah. no problem.
The survivor
of the brutal attack
last night
believes it to have been
The Night Stalker
who is responsible.
Authorities are following
all witness testimonies
in hopes of zeroing in
on the identity of this
vicious serial killer...
who has already claimed
the lives of eight victims
- in the Los Angeles area.
-
Can I help you?
I'm here to see
Elizabeth Bender.
I'm Maxine Minx.
Yes. you are.
Quite a pathetic scene.
isn't it?
Angry people are so easy
to lead.
Jump in. Let's take a ride.
Fascinating that something
can look so believable
when in reality.
it's all a facade.
The producers don't want you
in this picture.
They say
it's too controversial.
Do you believe that?
Cowards placating
the moral outcry of censors.
worrying their
satanic horror movie
might be too controversial
if it had a porn star in it.
I stuck my neck out
defending you.
We saw hundreds of women
for the role of Veronica.
None of them had what you had.
What you said in the audition.
it was special.
Raw. Real.
Ruthless.
Are you ruthless?
Yes. ma'am.
Well. that makes two of us.
I'm an artist.
This town is prejudiced
against artists.
Scared of its own shadow
when it comes to upsetting
the status quo.
But I say.
if the pearl-clutching
moral majority types
are gonna protest your work.
you might as well make it
bloody mean something.
Your character. Veronica.
is a powder keg ready to blow.
A killer. but not a villain.
She's Clint Eastwood
meets Charlie-fucking-Bronson
and that's what
will set this apart
from all the other sequels
out there.
I want to show that beneath
the technicolor sheen
of the 1950's.
things were just as rotten
as they are today.
A B-movie with A-ideas.
Could be the defining role
of your career.
which is why I need to know
you're willing to do
whatever it takes.
I am.
As if your life
depended on it.
It does.
Very well.
We'll prove them all
wrong together
in a beautiful
fucking bloodbath.
Here we are.
Do you know what this is?
It's the motel from Psycho.
They filmed a sequel here
a few years back.
if you can believe it.
A serial killer disguised
as an old woman.
America was too prudish
to ever see it coming.
Some things never change.
It's quite the reminder.
People can protest
all they like.
If they'd look in the mirror.
they'd realize we all have
demons staring back at us.
I'd like you
to visit the set tomorrow.
I'm shooting the flashbacks.
Molly Bennett. who plays Clara
in the original.
will be there.
I think it'd be nice for you
to meet her.
She can show you the ropes.
so to speak.
I don't mean
to be disrespectful.
but this isn't a stag film.
It's a major motion picture.
Home video may have
been responsible
for much of
The Puritan 's success.
but we're not some
video nasty anymore.
- We're theatrical now...
and they don't show stag films
on 900 screens.
Are you listening to me?
Yeah.
I'll be there.
Do you want
a bit of free advice?
Look around you.
You've made it
to the belly of the beast.
Congratulations.
Very few come this far.
To stay here. you must
make it your obsession.
Eliminate
all other distractions
because if you take your eye
off that prize
for even a moment.
the beast will spit you
right back out
where you came from.
It may never get a taste
for you again.
♪ American top 40♪
- ♪ Casey's coast to coast ♪
John Parr's title song
from the movie
St. Elmo's Fire.
a song that. this week.
is the number-one song
in the U.S.A.
♪ But maybe sometime
If you feel the pain ♪
♪ You'll find
You're all alone ♪
♪ Everything has changed ♪
♪ Play the game ♪
♪ You know you can't quit
Until it's won ♪
♪ Soldier on ♪
♪ Only you can do
what must be done ♪
Yeah. just think of me
like the paparazzi.
Wherever you go. there I am.
♪ You're a lot like me ♪
You can't outrun
the past
no matter how hard you try.
♪ And you're tryin'
To break free ♪
-  ♪ I can see a new horizon ♪
♪ Underneath the blazin' sky ♪
Get in my way again.
and you're fucking dead!
You hear me?
♪ Gonna be your man
In motion ♪
♪ All I need's
This pair of wheels ♪
You'll pay for this!
Now it's personal!
You're gonna lose
more than your job!
- I'm gonna see to it!
♪ Burnin' up ♪
♪ Don't know just how far
That I can go ♪
I need to see Teddy.
You haven't got
an appointment.
Mr. Night is on
a very important call.
No. I can get you
the bearer bonds.
I just need access
to your junkyard
for a couple of hours.
- That's it.
- We need to talk.
Whoa. whoa. whoa!
What are you doing downtown?
You didn't get shitcanned.
did you?
I am so sorry. Mr. Night.
She just rushed right past me.
You're my lawyer. right?
Entertainment lawyer. yes.
So if I tell you something.
we've got confidentiality?
Frankie. I gotta call you back.
Technically. yes.
Why?
What'd you do?
How long we been
working together?
I discovered you
on the street.
I put you in the movies.
didn't I?
Why didn't you
come to me sooner?
Okay. okay. okay. Relax.
Leave it with me.
You hear from
that detective again.
you tell him
to call your agent.
I'm in charge
of this negotiation now.
I've brokered a lot more
than motion pictures
in my time.
Trust me.
Nobody is more passionate
about your career than I am.
I'll go to jail over it.
that's how passionate I am.
This guy thinks
he's the big bad wolf?
Wrong. I'm the big bad wolf
and nobody
is gonna get in the way
of your big break.
Now. all you gotta worry about
is being undeniable
in that film.
That's most important
right now. capisce?
Stand up tall.
Be strong.
Yeah. you're Maxine Minx.
Go home. Learn your lines.
Keep your mouth shut.
You don't know nothing.
Teddy's got this.
Can I help you?
Look. I ain't in that kind
of business no more.
This is just a video store.
and we're closing soon.
Not a lot of men
in your position
got the stomach
to go all the way.
You certainly are willing
to do the hard yards.
Yeah?
Hold for Teddy Night.
- Okay.
So I did some digging.
The number you gave me
for the P.I
forwards to
an answering service
in Louisiana.
I checked it out for
a business name and address.
but it's unlisted.
Get this.
The Bonaventure Hotel
has no record of any guest
by the name of John Labat.
- He's no amateur.
-
- How you feeling?
- Better.
I'm going by the set today.
Good. Remember.
keep it by the book
over there.
Don't be late.
You never get a second chance
to make a first impression.
especially in Hollywood.
- Just ask Ed McMahon.
-
Teddy. let me call you back.
♪ When I saw your face ♪
♪ I became a prisoner
Of your eyes ♪
♪ And I would do
Just anything ♪
♪ To stay and be with you ♪
♪ You know there are times ♪
♪ When I let myself wonder ♪
♪ As I was going under ♪
♪ You pulled me
Back to earth ♪
♪ Don't you hear me crying?♪
♪ Take me in your arms again ♪
♪ Tell me that you're trying ♪
♪ Or is our love a lie?♪
I need to show you something.
They were found yesterday.
dumped at Hollywood
Memorial Park Cemetery.
You've heard of
The Night Stalker. right?
Okay. well.
if you know anything
about this satanic shit.
we need to hear about it
because this killer's
still out there.
Look. we don't think
The Night Stalker
committed these crimes.
but whoever did
is setting the bodies up
to look that way.
and you're
the common denominator. Why?
If I knew three people
who were murdered
in three days.
I'd be pretty scared.
Are you scared. Maxine?
Because if I was scared.
I'd ask for help.
- You can't help me.
- Why not?
Now what are you hiding?
How come you act like
you don't want us
to find out who did this?
It's pissing me off.
You really want us
to take a closer look
at some of the individuals
you're doing business with?
Because actions
have consequences
and you ain't
some barefoot bitch
in a bus station now. right?
Now. I think you got
a lot to lose here.
so you better
watch your fucking step.
All right.
let's pump the brakes.
Maxine. we don't care
what kind of partying
you're into
or what kind of tricks
you're turning.
We're not vice.
We're not narcotics.
We are homicide.
And the only thing that
we care about are these bodies
and making sure we don't find
any more of them.
You Hollywood girls.
you're so desperate
to become famous.
you don't even realize
how easy it is
to become infamous.
-It could be you
on one of these slabs. Maxine.
But it's not.
Can I go?
I'm gonna be late for work.
-What?
You didn't like
that performance either?
Hey! Hold up!
I know you don't think
you can trust me.
but all I want to see is
this sick freak behind bars.
- hand to God.
- What am I supposed to do?
You're supposed to help me
save the next girl's life.
Please. Maxine.
Maybe she should save herself.
I did.
Cut!
The blood's wrong.
Kensington Gore.
It looks like
a bad Hammer picture.
- I need a valium.
- Sorry I'm late. I was...
Don't.
Hearing you blame something
will only irritate me more.
The most precious thing
we have in life is our time.
We never have enough.
especially on a production.
If you waste mine again.
you're out.
I'll have the second-best girl
on the Concorde tonight
frothing at the mouth
to take your place.
Is that clear enough?
Right then. Follow me.
Oh.
- How was it. Liz?
- Disappointing. frankly.
Even with all these
extravagant resources.
one thing remains the same.
You want something done right.
you gotta do it yourself.
Molly Bennett.
meet Maxine Minx.
my latest fascination.
Oh. pleased to meet you.
Ah. sorry.
We've all got blood
on our hands now.
Right. let's take it from
after the bite. shall we?
Okay. look. Here's the truth.
Liz is a genius and a mentor.
Just do whatever
she asks of you.
Don't get on her bad side.
and don't overthink
the acting.
Just do what she says
and you'll get loads of jobs.
She's very loyal
to the people she trusts.
Look at me.
I was quite literally
burnt to a crisp
in the last film.
and here I am. resurrected.
A working actor.
Maybe not a household name
just yet.
but at least
my health insurance
won't expire.
Plus.
my charred corpse's scream
has been immortalized
in cinema history.
How many girls
from a council estate
in North Yorkshire
can say that?
Don't worry.
I know what you're
going through.
I was in your shoes once.
I realize how scary it can be.
You've got a memorable face
and a great bod.
You'll take to horror
like a duck to water.
Uh. I've gotta go
get cleaned up.
I was invited
to a big party in the hills
for some out-of-town producer.
See you around.
Yeah.
- Thanks.
- Of course!
Girls gotta look out for
one another in this business.
Nice to meet you. Nadine.
Tsk. tsk. tsk. tsk. tsk.
I told you
not to play chicken. didn't I?
Now let's try and do this
without making a scene.
It's time to pay
for your sins.
-Excuse me.
You can't be up there.
I do apologize.
I guess my morbid curiosity
must've gotten the best of me.
A lot of famous killings
happened inside this house.
- Brutal murders and whatnot.
Can I see your pass?
I don't know
what I did with it.
I am a lost ball
in the high weeds today.
Maybe you can help
straighten me out.
Hey. how about you and me
take a walk on
down to the gate
and we can make this right?
I used to work
in security myself.
- Very important job.
Okay.
What?
Maxine.
I don't like it.
- No. the cream one.
- Okay. Yes. ma'am.
It took me a long time
to get where I am today.
Puritan II isn't
just a sequel.
It's my opportunity to prove
I have a meaningful voice
in this industry
and I can't afford to have
anyone mess that up for me.
I understand.
I'll do whatever you say.
Take the weekend.
Have fun. Let loose.
Because on Monday.
the real work starts
and I'll be expecting
your absolute best.
No more smut!
No more smut! No more smut!
- Okay. man. Okay.
-Keep moving.
Oh. Maxine.
Whatever's going on
in your life
that's interfering
with this picture.
I don't care what it takes.
Squash it.
I intend to.
♪ Who-ha. who-ha ♪
♪ Ha ♪
♪ The animals are
Winding me up ♪
♪ The jungle call
The jungle call ♪
♪ Who-ha. who-ha ♪
♪ In Xanadu did Kublai Khan
A pleasure dome erect ♪
♪ Moving on keep moving on
Yeah ♪
♪ Moving at one million miles
An hour ♪
♪ Using my power
I sell it by the hour ♪
♪ I have it so I market it ♪
♪ You really can't afford it
Yeah ♪
♪ Really can't afford it ♪
♪ Shooting stars never stop ♪
♪ Even when
they reach the top ♪
♪ Shooting stars never stop ♪
♪ Even when
They reach the top ♪
♪ There goes a supernova ♪
♪ What a pushover. yeah ♪
♪ What a pushover
We're a long way from home ♪
♪ Welcome to the Pleasure dome
On our way home ♪
Come out. come out.
wherever you are.
Do you know why people come to
The Big Easy to work with me?
Because I...
am the best at what I do.
I got a reputation. see?
I can find anyone
anywhere. no matter how badly
they want to stay hidden.
I know how criminals think.
I'm one myself.
Yeah. the only difference
between you and me. Maxine.
is I don't pretend not to be.
Oh. shit.
Time to pay
for your sins.
Lights out. bro.
You do got the devil in you.
I thought you were an atheist?
Fuck you. bitch.
Oh. no. no. Wait.
Wait. wait. wait.
Don't do this.
This ain't fair.
I only work for the man.
Killing me won't stop nothing.
Let's talk!
Come on. you're gonna
need my help. Maxine.
- This isn't over.
- Yes. it is.
Oh. no. no.
This ain't my cause.
I could be bought.
Anything you want!
Anything at all!
Oh. no. no. please!
Please. turn it off!
I don't want to die in here!
Our Father who art in Heaven.
hallowed be thy name.
Thy kingdom come.
Thy will be done
on earth as it is in heaven.
Give us this day
our daily bread
and forgive us our trespasses
as we forgive
those who trespass against us
and deliver us from evil.
- Get lost.
We'll clean up the mess.
Thanks.
What are agents for?
Tragically.
another female victim
of The Night Stalker
has been discovered
in Monterey Park.
Public demand for this killer
to be brought to justice
has a record number of LAPD
on duty around the city.
Residents living in fear
are praying
that someone out there
will come forward
to finally put a stop
to these vicious murders.
- What am I supposed to do?
-You're supposed
to help me save
the next girl's life.
Wanna hit a party
in the hills tonight?
Gonna be loads of rich guys.
I know a killer
after-hours spot
in the hills
if you're interested.
I was invited to a big party
in the hills
with some out-of-town
producer.
We should take her.
Let's give it a beat.
Let's see what she does first.
That's my little girl!
There's nobody else like you.
You're gonna be the star
of the church one day.
Do you think so?
If that's what you want.
I wanna be
just like you. Daddy.
Then you'll have
to work hard.
I will.
I'll do whatever it takes.
Good.
What do we always say?
I will not
accept a life...
Take your time.
Preach it like you mean it
or it won't come true.
I will not accept a life
I do not deserve.
That's right. Maxine.
Very good.
I knew you'd come.
It has taken me years
to find you.
I missed you so much.
You've been lost
for far too long. darling.
Let me take you home.
I'm making a film...
- and you...
-No more smut!
- my beautiful little Maxine...
are the star!
Well. don't you see?
Hollywood stole you from me
like so many other
poor children.
Satanists have been
propagating sex and violence
throughout our homes
for years now!
Weaponizing
the television set.
brainwashing our youth.
turning them into deviants.
But we'll put a stop
to them together.
I. and many other
grieving parents like me
have come forth to expose
the devil once and for all!
Satan is inside of you.
my darling.
but I can take him out.
It'll be the climax
of the film!
Do you mind
taking your top off
so we can see your breasts?
Y'all should cast me
in this movie.
Oh. really?
Why is that?
Because I'm a star.
Ain't nobody else like me.
The whole world's
gonna know my name.
Don't be frightened.
I'm gonna give you
what you always wanted.
You'll be more famous
than anything Hollywood
could conjure.
Fame that will never end.
I tried to help your friends.
but they wouldn't
accept God's love.
So they were punished
by his wrath.
But not you.
You will be saved.
Are we rolling?
Tonight
I document an exorcism.
a form of miracle
for the whole world to see.
Ezekiel 16:14...
"Your fame went forth
among the nations
"on account of your beauty.
"for it was perfect
because of My splendor
"which I bestowed on you."
declares the Lord God.
Evidence of your possession
shall finally reveal Hollywood
as the cult it is.
Luring children
into lives of sin.
The Devil is real
and he deserves no place
on the screens in our homes.
I have come to save
all lost children!
Play along with Daddy now.
It's your big scene.
Admit...
possession!
Confess!
Denounce your life of sin
and ask to be saved.
Only then shall you receive
divine intervention.
For if not...
you shall be marked
with the sign of the beast.
so that the devil
may never hide amongst us.
- The choice is yours.
What do you say?
Hold it. motherfucker!
Everybody to the side
of the house now!
I'm not fucking around. Padre!
Mass has ended!
Put your hands up!
Do not respect them!
Where were they when your
family members went missing?
They are complicit!
They are the devils!
Only the Lord keeps watch
over you
both now and forever!
Fight for Him!
Fight for your families!
To the death!
- Hey!
Cover me! I gotta reload!
I'm going up the hill
after the leader!
- Wait for me!
- Come on.
Maxine. stay here!
Backup's on the way!
So am I.
Freeze! Drop the gun!
Drop it!
-No!
Hang in there. Breathe.
You're okay.
Just hang in there.
You're gonna make it.
Maxine! Over here.
Come over here.
All right. stay with him.
Put pressure on the wound.
I'm going
to get him.
30 years in this city.
I never been up here before.
I wanted to be an actor
once. too.
- I got him!
I told you I'd get him!
It was all for you.
I tried to give you
what you wanted.
To be just like your daddy.
But I created a monster.
Forgive me.
Failing a child
- is the greatest sin of all.
This is the Los Angeles
Police Department.
We have you surrounded.
Drop the weapon.
You're a vision
in this light.
A beautiful shining star.
I repeat. drop your weapon.
This is your last chance.
It's over. Maxine.
Step away from the sign.
drop the weapon
and put your hands up.
We interrupt this program
to bring you breaking news.
The horrifying saga
finally comes to an end.
The man previously known as
The Night Stalker
was apprehended by citizens
last night
bringing an end
to a year-long manhunt
for the suspected
serial killer.
More on that later
in our program.
We are also joined tonight
by Maxine Minx.
star of the upcoming film.
The Puritan II
who joins us now
with her attorney
and our own Dianne Mattingly.
Maxine. you have become
quite a celebrity
outside of
the movie business...
by taking down
a serial murderer of your own.
who happened to
be your father.
Isn't that right?
Why. yes. Dianne.
It was a harrowing experience.
I'm just so grateful
to be sitting here with you.
I've gotta thank God
for orchestrating this all.
Maxine! Maxine! Maxine!
Maxine. over here!
- Maxine. you look incredible.
- Thank you.
How does it feel knowing that
after all you've been through.
you're in one of the biggest
movies in America?
It's hard to put into words.
There are reports
that you sold your life rights
and that the Maxine Minx story
will be going
into production soon
with Elizabeth Bender
directing.
Is there anything you want
to tell the people
at home watching you tonight?
Any words of encouragement
for young girls
trying to make it big
in Hollywood?
Never give up.
It's hard work.
You've gotta be willing to do
whatever it takes.
There's a phrase
my daddy always used.
Say it with me now.
- I will not accept...
- a life I do not deserve.
You didn't fail me. Daddy.
You gave me
just what I needed.
Divine intervention.
♪ There's no business ♪
♪ Like show business ♪
♪ Like no business ♪
♪ I know ♪
♪ Everything about it ♪
♪ Is appealing ♪
♪ Everything that traffic ♪
- ♪ Will allow ♪
-
Yeah.
They're ready for you.
Miss Minx.
Okay. thanks.
You're a fucking movie star.
Thank you.
Right.
before we begin.
let's take a moment
to remember Molly Bennett.
She was the original member
of our Puritan family
and she'll be dearly missed.
All right. thank you everyone.
It's back to work.
Just like a Hitchcock blonde.
How does it feel
being someone else?
Good.
Quite the turn of events.
Tragic. really.
Molly was never gonna make it
beyond the franchise.
She was good.
but she wasn't a star.
Right. we've got
one more setup left
of the dream sequence.
Come see your head.
It looks so real.
All right.
we're ready
to give this a try.
Brilliant.
Let's lock it up!
Roll camera!
So now that everyone
knows your name.
any idea what you want
to do next?
You've certainly
got everyone's attention.
I just never want it to end.
♪ Her hair is Harlow gold ♪
♪ Her lips sweet surprise ♪
♪ Her hands are never cold ♪
♪ She's got Bette Davis eyes ♪
♪ She'll turn her music
On you ♪
♪ You won't have
To think twice ♪
♪ She's pure
As New York snow ♪
♪ She got Bette Davis eyes ♪
♪ And she'll tease you ♪
♪ She'll unease you ♪
♪ All the better
Just to please you ♪
♪ She's precocious ♪
♪ And she knows just what it ♪
♪ Takes to make a pro blush ♪
♪ She got Greta Garbo
Standoff sighs ♪
♪ She's got Bette Davis eyes ♪
♪ She'll let you
Take her home ♪
♪ It whets her appetite ♪
♪ She'll lay you
On a throne ♪
♪ She got Bette Davis eyes ♪
♪ She'll take
A tumble on you ♪
♪ Roll you
Like you were dice ♪
♪ Until you come up blue ♪
♪ She's got Bette Davis eyes ♪
♪ She'll expose you ♪
♪ When she snows you ♪
♪ Of your feet with
The crumbs she throws you ♪
♪ She's ferocious ♪
♪ And she knows just what it ♪
♪ Takes to make a pro blush ♪
♪ All the boys
Think she's a spy ♪
♪ She's got Bette Davis eyes ♪
♪ And she'll tease you ♪
♪ She'll unease you ♪
♪ All the better
Just to please you ♪
♪ She's precocious ♪
♪ And she knows just what it ♪
♪ Takes to make a pro blush ♪
♪ All the boys
Think she's a spy ♪
♪ She's got Bette Davis eyes ♪
♪ She'll tease you ♪
♪ She'll unease you ♪
♪ Just to please ya ♪
♪ She's got Bette Davis eyes ♪
♪ She'll expose you ♪
♪ When she snows you ♪
♪ She knows ya ♪
♪ She's got Bette Davis eyes ♪